Love the look, fell, weight and action (spin and speed) of this racket......
Not a ping pong expert so trying to find the best paddle for my style. This one has improved my game a little so far.
This ping pong paddle is good and has improved my play
Great bat for intermediate and above standard
I love this paddle as it is light and has good grip rubber. Except, these dimples started showing up on the paddle and seem to be permanent.
excellent control!
Great quality. We are beginners and loved learning with these
Not satisfied. Had scratch marks on the bat!!!
Super light
Lightweight and easy grib handle. Not lose to a pro paddle
"Been using the paddle for about an hour every weekday at lunch (at work) for a few weeks now. The rubber face grips the ball well, and has NOT started feeling off, in-spite of me banging it against the table and walls. (we have very competitive games). Also, in-spite of the banging, the handle has not broken off yet either. So overall very happy with it and will buy another when I finally do destroy this one. Just make sure you keep the rubber face clean. they are sticky and LOVE dust, so keep it in the case that it comes with." I got the 4 pack for my table tennis class. Much higher quality than expected. Similar quality to my more expensive rackets ($50-75). Hope the rubber holds up "I haven't tried it yet, but below the plastic protecter there is figer marks embedded in the paddle... Kind of odd.
I hope it works well."
Easy to hold, lightweight comfortable to play with.
It’s not what I expected, just the feel, it’s not as light as compared to other top brands. The spin is not as good as rated. Overall , I would give it a 3/5
The paddle seems ok in terms of quality but the ball bounces off the black side of the paddle with extra strength as it was on steroids, it is hard to control. Not my preferred paddle, maybe the rubber is a bit too hard. I prefer similar one from Butterfly or even the $20 Champion one.
Great paddle for beginners.
"Very good spin and lightweight.
7 Ply wood. Recommend to buy"
A good product with reasonable price, quick delivery as promised.
I am not a pro or anything near it but I enjoy it while playing. I think it has a quality and I feel it is good for a novice player.
Was looking for a light weight paddle this one was not light enough for me but a good product overall for the price.
Good paddle
Good quality racket. Lots of grip for spin. Game improved. Thank you!
Sticky and awasome spin effect
Had good enough spin n speed for practice
This paddle exceeded expectations. It is a great weight, easy to handle, and puts a great spin on the ball. The sweet spot is huge! My game has improved greatly since the purchase of this paddle!
I will say I am surprised at the quality and the feel of the paddle. I really like the light feel and great response off the ball. I am a novice player and wow it made a difference in the control. I would highly recommend this paddle.
Very good for the beginner.
I'm an intermediate player and it is working super well for me; I was looking for something with a bit more stickiness as my prior one had worn out, and this worked out very well.
Excellent product
Good for the price
durable and good quality for starter
It is really good with spin 😍
"Packaging , sharp Loved the weight and feel in my hand Spins on ball - rather incredible. I thought great price & value for my improved play"
"The supplier is a really responsible and communicate well to satisfy the customer. Paddles that bought are very good and they have fantastic spin"
Great
price is good but the paddles are very rigid. The rubber is lack of stick to generate a spinning ball for a skill player or a defensive player
"An excellent gift for my grandson. He was quite happy with the product. Delivery was excellent."
Good quality for the price
good price for good quality.
great paddle for an affordable price
Had a broken racket outstanding customer service replaced with in a week 👌👌
Our Grandson loved this.
Super
was excited to get my first carbon fiber paddle. But unfortunately the handle cam apart in the first few days. Had to return it and buy another brand.
Super achat
Excellent
thanks
I like the paddle but it started to separate the first time I used it..
"This paddles are nothing but cheap crap! Rubber stinks and handle will slip away from hand when playing. Also there were finger marks on the rubber probably from glue! Many reviewers have described this. 1 day playing and the rubber on one side is already falling apart. Only thing good is the spin which I doubt will hold for long anyway. I tried to return it but have to pay for shipping and wasn’t worth it. Save your money and buy a Stiga for a few extra bucks."
Awesome
Very good
Replaced a 40 year old bat. Made better shots than before then Covid-19 shut everything down again. Looking forward to using it in the future.
I am taking pingpong lesson, brought the paddle to classes, the instructor said they are good.
Très bonne qualité. Pas lourd
Nice paddle
Belle qualité permet des manœuvre bien
"A coworker bought a Pro Spin Carbon paddle and I liked it so much that I recommended it to a couple of other guys I work with. So I ordered a two pack on their behalf and when they arrived, I was bummed to see that the rubbers were blotchy, as you can see in the two photos. I reached out to the company, who was terrific, and they offered to send out two new ones, which were much better, however they still had a little blotchiness. But for the price I am not complaining, as I don't believe it affects the performance. I am an advanced player with a rating of 1500 and have used $300 paddles that have terrific spin, speed, and feel. Don't think for a second that the Pro Spin Carbon is in the same league. This however, still plays fantastically, with a good level of spin and speed. One note is that if you are a beginner, this Pro Spin paddle may be a little too fast. Beginners should always use a slower paddle which helps control their shots and master the fundamentals of good strokes. You may find that this paddle is a bit heavy, but I assure you that you will quickly become comfortable with the weight. This plays considerably better than my $40 Stiga Saber paddle that I bought 10 years ago.
However, one downside to this paddle is that it is not ITTF approved, which means if you wanted to play in a tournament, it would not be allowed. All it means is that it doesn't have the embossed ITTF insignia on the rubber. It is only an endorsement, and not a reflection of quality. Pro Spin has just chosen not to pay for that certification by the federation to give its seal of approval. I kind of don't blame them. But if that's important to you and you want something a little bit better, a good step up paddle is the Joola Infinity Edge sold from $33 to $44. Make sure to look for the black and red rubbered version. It has the red handle. I say that, because weirdly, they are also sold with 2 black rubbers, which is also not ITTF approved. I can tell you from personal experience that the Joola has considerably more spin, more feel and possibly a little less speed. It is a superior paddle that any intermediate player will really enjoy."
For the price of this paddle is the best paddle on Amazon. I ordered one and after about 15 hours of play there was a small area that was starting to peel. I reached out to customer service. They asked for a picture and an order number sent a replacement pedal. The next day is paddle was great spin great control, and excellent speed. the value that you receive when ordering this product is unmatched. I have several paddles that I’ve paid hundreds of dollars for but wanted a inexpensive paddle to play outside on a public table that I could sit down. Not worry about somebody swiping it. I dropped it on concrete I wouldn’t worry about have to rebuild it was something that I could still play My game with. This pedal has far exceeded my expectations. Moving forward. I will use pro spoon for all of my Pingpong. Accessory leads. Customer service has won a lifetime customer great job to the customer service team. Great job to that company pro spin!!
I’m somewhat of a beginner ping pong player, and I needed a paddle to use while I become better since I’ve started playing regularly. The paddle is great, and the customer service is awesome! It’s a great value for the money. It comes with a case which I didn’t realize until later. I thought I had thrown the box away, but I didn’t, and I was able to find the case. One player told me that I am now throwing spins on my balls which makes me happy!
trattasi di racchetta ottima per quella gamma, e per qualità/prezzo leggera e veramente performante in velocità e top spin impugnatura perfettamente sagomata ideale per iniziare ad un buon livello. Unico appunto la custodia un po minimal sarebbe meglio la copertura completa anche comprendente il manico.
"While I'd consider myself an intermediate table tennis player, I found this paddle to have excellent control and feel. I play in my basement with my son approx. 4 days/week and at our local table tennis club 1 day/week and this paddle has proved a fantastic replacement for a Butterfly paddle (which had cost ~$80) that was worn out.

My style of play involves more use of spin, and this paddle does not disappoint in that area, providing as much as higher dollar paddles I've used over the years. The only 'con', and I hesitate in even calling it that, is that it does seem to get dirtier more quickly than other paddles I've used, but a good cleaning every week or so puts it right back into new shape. Part of the reason for the dirt, I feel like, is the tackiness of the paddle, which as someone who prefers spin, I don't mind."
"Me and my table tennis partner bought two of these and we are both very happy with them, they have improved our game massively and have helped with the overall control of the ball and have increased the speed of our spin, it’s not the quickest bat as the weight is slightly on the heftier side, but we got used to that small con and we believe it is very good value for the money and would recommend this bat if you want to start taking table tennis more seriously.

Would highly recommend."
I didn't know there was rubber on the back side of paddle. I haven't mastered the new Chinese back hand and don't use it. It made the paddle heavy; I removed it. Also, needs grooved edges on blade at base of handle to prevent hurting fingers on the sharp edges.
I like them. Good feedback when you hit the ping pong ball.
Not overly experienced at T/T bats but certainly excellent all rounder and good value
This paddle is spiny,Really easy to control. Is great for beginners. This paddle should be for $100.
I purchased the PRO-SPIN Table Tennis bat and registered the 1 Year Warranty with PRO-SPIN as they offered a free gift on registering. I did not receive a confirmation email nor the free gift. When I took this up with them via on-line "chat" they informed me that the free gift was an extra years warranty but no confirmation email will be issued. They intimated that the 2 year warranty will b "saved in our system". I am not convinced and am of the opinion that their free gift offer is misleading!
The product was packaged very securely and delivered in good shape. This product spins very well.
Without the top of the handle was a little is not that comfortable, everything is good. I hope the manufacturer can polish that part a little bit, then it will be perfect.
Good enough
This racket is better than my previous learner racket. I found the handle very small for me (male adult).
Price / Quality is good!
Product arrived as promised and I found it to be value for money.
good value
